drop from my eye,
you better save it for the middle of the
night and things on black and
white and to do it all remember.
24,
and
when I'm back in Chicago,
I feel it, another virgin on me,
I was in it,
I wait goodbye to the end
of beginning.
the song has started now and you're just
finding out now isn't there
a laugh major sacrifice but clueless
at the time and
to caroline just trust me you'll be fine
And when I'm back in Chicago,
I feel it, another version of me,
I was in it,
I will good back to the end of beginning,
goodbye, goodbye, goodbye,
goodbye, the sing that the saving up the...
the man out of the city, not the city,
the man, you take the man out of the city, not the city of the man,
you take the man out of the, and when I'm back in Chicago,
I feel it, another version of me,
I was in it, I wish goodbye to the...